site.src/pages/conference.md, before:

<img src="media/img/RISC-V-London-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

The list of keynotes speakers, presenters and panelist of the plenary
sessions, from Tuesday June 6th to Thursday 8th, are presented below.

The actual schedule will be provided in the comming weeks.

## Speakers

The core of the conference will be from Tuesday 6th to Thursday 8th
with a single track of keynotes, invited and selected talks, alongside
an exhibition showcasing the latest developments across industry and
research.

The following speakers will be delivering keynotes and regular talks
during these three days.

### Keynotes Speakers & Invited Talks

#### Dr Yungang Bao -- RISC-V in China: Embracing the Era of Open-Source Chip

[Dr Yungang Bao](http://acs.ict.ac.cn/baoyg/) -- Secretary-General,
[China RISC-V Alliance (CRVA)](http://crva.ict.ac.cn), Chief
Scientist, [Beijing Institute of Open-Source Chip
(BOSC)](https://www.bosc.ac.cn).

**Abstract**

RISC-V has made a significant impact on the chip industry and academia
all over the world. China’s RISC-V community shares the same goals of
building a shared global RISC-V ecosystem and has been one of the main
contributors to the RISC-V ecosystem. In this talk, I will first
summarize the status of RISC-V in China and then introduce two
specific projects towards building an open-source chip ecosystem: (1)
The XiangShan project targets an open-source high-performance RISC-V
core (https://github.com/OpenXiangShan/XiangShan); (2) The One Student
One Chip (OSOC) Initiative aims to train undergraduates by building
real RISC-V chips and has already attracted about 3000 participants
from 300+ universities.

*Bio*

*Yungang Bao is a professor of Institute of Computing Technology
(ICT), Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and is the deputy director of
ICT, CAS. He also serves as Chief Scientist of Beijing Institute of
Open Source Chip (BOSC) and BoD/TSC member of RISC-V International. He
founded the China RSIC-V Alliance (CRVA) and serves as the
secretary-general of CRVA. His prior research works have been adopted
by Alibaba, Huawei, Intel and Microsoft etc. Over the past years, he
has been leading the XiangShan project and the One Student One Chip
(OSOC) Initiative. He was the winner of CCF-Intel Young Faculty Award
of the year for 2013 and the winner of CCF-IEEE CS Young Computer
Scientist Award and China’s National Lofty Honor for Youth under 40 of
the year for 2019.*

#### Luca Benini -- Open RISC-V Platforms for Energy-Efficient, Scalable Computing

[Luca Benini](https://pulp-platform.org) -- [ETH
Zürich](https://ee.ethz.ch/the-department/people-a-z/person-detail.luca-benini.html),
[Università di Bologna](https://www.unibo.it/sitoweb/luca.benini).

**Abstract**

Today's data-parallel workloads in HPC, AI, IoT demand ever-growing
performance under an (almost) constant power envelope. To address this
fundamental challenge in a regime of diminishing returns from
technology scaling, we must minimize overhead associated with data
transfer, data-flow management, as well as instruction fetching,
decoding, while introducing "controlled doses" of domain
specialization. The last decade has seen the rise of open instruction
sets, open architectures, and open hardware as key enablers for
designing more efficient computing systems. In this talk, I share
insights gained in a decade of design adventures on open-source RISC-V
hardware and software for energy-efficient computing, moving from
tiny, parallel ultra-low power chips to high-performance many-core
chiplets, and provide a personal view on future directions.

*Bio*

*Luca Benini holds the chair of digital Circuits and systems at ETHZ
and is Full Professor at the Universita' di Bologna. He received a PhD
from Stanford University.  Dr. Benini’s research interests are in
energy-efficient parallel computing systems, smart sensing
micro-systems and machine learning hardware. He is a Fellow of the
IEEE, of the ACM and a member of the Academia Europaea. He is the
recipient of the 2016 IEEE CAS Mac Van Valkenburg award, the 2020 EDAA
achievement Award, the 2020 ACM/IEEE A. Richard Newton Award and the
2023 IEEE CS Edward J. McCluskey award.*


#### Alex Bradbudy -- Developments in LLVM-based toolchains and tooling for RISC-V

[Alex Bradbury](https://asbradbury.org) -- Compiler Engineer [Igalia](https://www.igalia.com) (Spain, UK).

**Abstract**

The ongoing development and maturation of RISC-V LLVM support has been
a major success story for RISC-V software ecosystem enablement through
cross-party collaboration. This talk will bring you up to date on the
current status of that effort (both for scalar and vector instruction
set extensions), highlighting some of the more interesting challenges
along the way. Looking to the future, we'll explore how the nature of
LLVM development for RISC-V is changing as support for the standard
ratified extensions matures, more hardware reaches the market, and as
RISC-V support is added for additional LLVM project tools and
sub-projects beyond the backend and the Clang C/C++ frontend.

*Bio*

*Alex Bradbury is a compiler engineer at
[Igalia](https://www.igalia.com), working within a growing LLVM
sub-team largely focused on RISC-V compiler support. He has been
heavily involved in the RISC-V ecosystem since its inception, working
across the hardware and software stack, previously co-founding lowRISC
CIC. He initiated the upstream RISC-V LLVM backend implementation,
authoring the initial patchset, acting as upstream code owner, and
collaborating with a growing set of contributors. Alex is also well
known within the LLVM community for the LLVM Weekly newsletter.*


#### PhD Thierry Collette -- 4 years of Open Source RISC-V at Thales

PhD Thierry Collette -- Director, Information Sciences and Techniques
Research Group, [Thales Research & Technology
France](https://www.thalesgroup.com).

**Abstract**

Thales has identified RISC-V as a great opportunity to master the
performance, safety, security and certification of its solutions and
has decided to actively contribute to these open source initiatives at
different levels. After 4 years of Thales involvement, the
opportunities of this technology are more important, the industrial
ecosystem is being built and already products are being designed that
take into account the use of RISC-V. Thales' involvement in the OpenHW
Group has collectively enabled the emergence of the CVA6
processor. Nevertheless, we must continue to meet the other challenges
linked to this adventure, and thanks to the support of the European
public authorities, we will be able to develop the ecosystem to
integrate these new components into products more quickly. Finally,
the new freedom to refine processor architectures offers new
opportunities to address our future applications.

*Bio*

*Thierry Collette is director of the Information Sciences and
Techniques research group at Thales Research and Technology. The group
focuses on disruptive technologies such as embedded and trusted AI,
open hardware, continuum computing, quantum computing, etc, in order
to facilitate their adoption and integration into future Thales
products. Previously, Thierry Collette led the technology development
division for embedded computing and components at CEA Leti & List for
eight years. He contributed to set up the European Processor
Initiative (EPI) in cooperation with industrial and academic
partners. Previously, he was deputy director in charge of programs and
strategy at CEA List. He holds several patents on multi-core
architectures and has contributed to the creation of more than 10
startups, including Kalray and SiPearl. He holds an engineering degree
in computer science and electrical engineering and a PhD in
microelectronics.*


#### Patrick Pype -- TRISTAN: Together for RISc-v Technology and ApplicatioNs

[Patrick Pype](https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrickpype/) -- Director
Strategic Partnerships, NXP Semiconductors.

**Abstract**

TRISTAN is a European KDT cooperation project which started in
December 2022 and runs for 3 years.  The overarching aim is to expand,
mature and industrialize the European RISC-V ecosystem so that it is
able to compete with existing commercial alternatives. This will be
achieved by leveraging the Open-Source community to gain in
productivity and quality. This goal will be achieved by defining a
European strategy for RISC-V based designs including the creation of a
repository of industrial quality building blocks to be used for SoC
designs in different application domains (e.g. automotive, industrial,
etc.). The TRISTAN approach is holistic, covering both electronic
design automation tools (EDA) and the full software stack. The TRISTAN
consortium is composed of 46 partners from industry (both large
industries as well as SMEs), research organizations, universities and
RISC-V related industry associations, originating from Austria,
Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, the Netherlands,
Poland, Romania, Turkey and Switzerland.  The presentation will focus
on some of the specific targets and expected results of the project
and how this fits in the Europen RISC-V Open-Source Roadmap which was
developed by a European Working Group and is documented in a report:
[``Recommendations and roadmap for European sovereignty on open source
hardware, software and RISC-V Technologies | Shaping Europe’s digital
future''](https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/library/recommendations-and-roadmap-european-sovereignty-open-source-hardware-software-and-risc-v))

*Bio*

*Patrick is Director of Strategic Partnerships at NXP Semiconductors,
and has held this position since 2012. He began his career at IMEC in
Belgium in 1986. In 1996 he started the start-up company CoWare on
hardware/software co-design which was later acquired by Synopsys.
Thereafter he worked at Philips in different positions.  Patrick is
Chairman of the AENEAS Technical Expert Group since 2018 and he is
member of the INSIDE Steering Board since 2015.  He was co-chair of
the overall ECSEL Strategic Research Agenda 2019-2021 and is also
co-chair of the chapter on “Transport & Mobility”.  Patrick was
Chairman of the Engineering Alumni Association of the KULeuven from
2005-2008.  Patrick has contributed several papers in two books
published by Springer on “Automated Driving’’ and “Internet of
Vehicles’’.  He is author of the book “Zest for Opera – Unleash your
Leadership”, which was published in October 2018.  The book offers
inspiring insights from the world of opera for leaders in business &
politics, coaches, teachers and students.*


#### Dominic Rizzo -- OpenTitan: Past, Present and Future of Open Source Secure Silicon

Dominic Rizzo -- CEO zeroRISC
Inc. [OpenTitan](https://www.opentitan.org) Project Director.

**Abstract**

OpenTitan brought a new level of transparency to secure silicon
development with its first discrete chip design, freely available
today. However, OpenTitan has always had broader goals than a single
discrete silicon root of trust.

This talk will discuss the entire OpenTitan family of permissively
licensed design and verification IP in the broader context of creating
a high quality open silicon ecosystem. I will review the current state
of the project, both the upcoming commercial discrete device tapeout
and forthcoming designs built from the OpenTitan IP ecosystem.

I will explore our unique Silicon Commons approach to development
across diverse partners and geographies, including how our governance
model – hosted by the non-profit engineering firm, lowRISC C.I.C. –
created a stable community development platform. Finally, I will
present how our commitment to open development led to commercial and
research innovations today, concretely demonstrating the value of
implementation and development transparency

*Bio*

*Mr. Dominic Rizzo is CEO and co-founder of zeroRISC Inc., a RISC-V
start-up working in the open source silicon space. He founded the
OpenTitan project, the world’s first open source silicon root of trust
design, and currently serves as its Project Director. He previously
developed the first FIPS 140-2 certified Enterprise U2F Security Key,
and has research interests in hardening silicon against physical
attacks and side channels, trustworthy authenticators, and formal
methods for proof of implementation correctness. He received his BS in
Aerospace Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
and his MS in Computer Science from the California Institute of
Technology.*


#### Roland Weigand -- RISC-V: a Shooting Star in Space

Roland Weigand -- [European Space Agency (ESA)](https://www.esa.int).

**Abstract**

The European Space Agency, in a long tradition, is promoting the use
of open Instruction Set Architectures (ISA). The SPARC ISA had been
selected more than 25 years ago, mainly for two reasons: Firstly,
because it is an open specification, warranting our non-dependence by
allowing us to develop our own IP, avoiding court cases with a
copyright owner. Secondly because of its significant backing from the
commercial world, ensuring availability of compilers etc. Several
generations of SPARC microprocessors have been developed for space,
many thousands of parts used on satellites and rockets. Today, SPARC
is obsolete in academia and in the commercial world, there are no more
young developers coming from universities, maintaining SW tools and OS
is becoming a burden for our small space community.

RISC-V is an open ISA, like SPARC, but thanks to the rapidly growing
developer community, active standardization, a wide choice of IP
providers and its scalability, it is the preferred choice to replace
SPARC in space. While the existing microprocessors continue to be
supported by their suppliers, ESA recommends the space community to
standardize on RISC-V across the full range of applications, from
microcontroller to High Performance Computing (HPC).

The talk will introduce the efforts introducing RISC-V to space and
highlight some of the challenges encountered when developing
microprocessors for space. Radiation effects and reliability
requirements must be considered, but constraints exist also on the
organisational and commercial side, space being a niche market with a
small developer community and long product life cycles.

*Bio*

*Graduated 1993 in Electrical Engineering and Semiconductor Physics
from Ecole Supérieure d’Electricité (“Supélec”) in Paris /
France. Worked as digital ASIC designer for Infineon in Munich and Tel
Aviv in various consumer electronics projects (e.g. TV frame rate
converter, DSL modem) dealing with integration of embedded DRAM and
DSP cores. Joined the European Space Agency (ESA) in 2000 as a
Microelectronics Engineer. In charge of various IC development
projects, a predominant topic are standard microprocessors and SoC’s
built around microprocessor cores, as well as radiation-hard design
methodology.*

#### Matthew Xuereb -- (TBA).

[Matthew Xuereb](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-xuereb-2216a5172) -- Policy Officer, European Commission / [DG Communications Networks, Content and Technology](https://commission.europa.eu/about-european-commission/departments-and-executive-agencies/communications-networks-content-and-technology_en) / [Unit A3 Microelectronics and Photonics Industry](https://op.europa.eu/en/web/who-is-who/organization/-/organization/CNECT/COM_CRF_241435)

**Abstract**

TBD.

*Bio*

TBD.

Commit message:

Add: details on Lars Bergstrom's talk.

site.src/pages/conference.md, after:

<img src="media/img/RISC-V-London-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

The list of keynotes speakers, presenters and panelist of the plenary
sessions, from Tuesday June 6th to Thursday 8th, are presented below.

The actual schedule will be provided in the comming weeks.

## Speakers

The core of the conference will be from Tuesday 6th to Thursday 8th
with a single track of keynotes, invited and selected talks, alongside
an exhibition showcasing the latest developments across industry and
research.

The following speakers will be delivering keynotes and regular talks
during these three days.

### Keynotes Speakers & Invited Talks

#### Dr Yungang Bao -- RISC-V in China: Embracing the Era of Open-Source Chip

[Dr Yungang Bao](http://acs.ict.ac.cn/baoyg/) -- Secretary-General,
[China RISC-V Alliance (CRVA)](http://crva.ict.ac.cn), Chief
Scientist, [Beijing Institute of Open-Source Chip
(BOSC)](https://www.bosc.ac.cn).

**Abstract**

RISC-V has made a significant impact on the chip industry and academia
all over the world. China’s RISC-V community shares the same goals of
building a shared global RISC-V ecosystem and has been one of the main
contributors to the RISC-V ecosystem. In this talk, I will first
summarize the status of RISC-V in China and then introduce two
specific projects towards building an open-source chip ecosystem: (1)
The XiangShan project targets an open-source high-performance RISC-V
core (https://github.com/OpenXiangShan/XiangShan); (2) The One Student
One Chip (OSOC) Initiative aims to train undergraduates by building
real RISC-V chips and has already attracted about 3000 participants
from 300+ universities.

*Bio*

*Yungang Bao is a professor of Institute of Computing Technology
(ICT), Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and is the deputy director of
ICT, CAS. He also serves as Chief Scientist of Beijing Institute of
Open Source Chip (BOSC) and BoD/TSC member of RISC-V International. He
founded the China RSIC-V Alliance (CRVA) and serves as the
secretary-general of CRVA. His prior research works have been adopted
by Alibaba, Huawei, Intel and Microsoft etc. Over the past years, he
has been leading the XiangShan project and the One Student One Chip
(OSOC) Initiative. He was the winner of CCF-Intel Young Faculty Award
of the year for 2013 and the winner of CCF-IEEE CS Young Computer
Scientist Award and China’s National Lofty Honor for Youth under 40 of
the year for 2019.*


#### Lars Bergstrom -- Android on RISC-V: Progress and Updates

Lars Bergstrom, [Google](https://google.com),

**Abstract**

In this talk, we will discuss the progress that has been made in
supporting RISC-V in Android and the [Android Open Source Platform
(AOSP)](https://source.android.com). We will also provide an update on
a new peer foundation to RISC-V International at the Linux Foundation,
RISE, that will support open source development for RISC-V.

We will cover the following topics:

 - The progress that has been made in supporting RISC-V and
   recently-ratified extensions and the RVA22 profile in Android and
   AOSP.
 - Updates on language support from C/C++, Rust, Java, and other
   languages for new RISC-V specifications targeting Android.
 - The new open source foundation, RISE, that will drive RISC-V
   production-readiness across the open source ecosystem.

*Bio*

*(TBD)*


#### Luca Benini -- Open RISC-V Platforms for Energy-Efficient, Scalable Computing

[Luca Benini](https://pulp-platform.org) -- [ETH
Zürich](https://ee.ethz.ch/the-department/people-a-z/person-detail.luca-benini.html),
[Università di Bologna](https://www.unibo.it/sitoweb/luca.benini).

**Abstract**

Today's data-parallel workloads in HPC, AI, IoT demand ever-growing
performance under an (almost) constant power envelope. To address this
fundamental challenge in a regime of diminishing returns from
technology scaling, we must minimize overhead associated with data
transfer, data-flow management, as well as instruction fetching,
decoding, while introducing "controlled doses" of domain
specialization. The last decade has seen the rise of open instruction
sets, open architectures, and open hardware as key enablers for
designing more efficient computing systems. In this talk, I share
insights gained in a decade of design adventures on open-source RISC-V
hardware and software for energy-efficient computing, moving from
tiny, parallel ultra-low power chips to high-performance many-core
chiplets, and provide a personal view on future directions.

*Bio*

*Luca Benini holds the chair of digital Circuits and systems at ETHZ
and is Full Professor at the Universita' di Bologna. He received a PhD
from Stanford University.  Dr. Benini’s research interests are in
energy-efficient parallel computing systems, smart sensing
micro-systems and machine learning hardware. He is a Fellow of the
IEEE, of the ACM and a member of the Academia Europaea. He is the
recipient of the 2016 IEEE CAS Mac Van Valkenburg award, the 2020 EDAA
achievement Award, the 2020 ACM/IEEE A. Richard Newton Award and the
2023 IEEE CS Edward J. McCluskey award.*


#### Alex Bradbudy -- Developments in LLVM-based toolchains and tooling for RISC-V

[Alex Bradbury](https://asbradbury.org) -- Compiler Engineer [Igalia](https://www.igalia.com) (Spain, UK).

**Abstract**

The ongoing development and maturation of RISC-V LLVM support has been
a major success story for RISC-V software ecosystem enablement through
cross-party collaboration. This talk will bring you up to date on the
current status of that effort (both for scalar and vector instruction
set extensions), highlighting some of the more interesting challenges
along the way. Looking to the future, we'll explore how the nature of
LLVM development for RISC-V is changing as support for the standard
ratified extensions matures, more hardware reaches the market, and as
RISC-V support is added for additional LLVM project tools and
sub-projects beyond the backend and the Clang C/C++ frontend.

*Bio*

*Alex Bradbury is a compiler engineer at
[Igalia](https://www.igalia.com), working within a growing LLVM
sub-team largely focused on RISC-V compiler support. He has been
heavily involved in the RISC-V ecosystem since its inception, working
across the hardware and software stack, previously co-founding lowRISC
CIC. He initiated the upstream RISC-V LLVM backend implementation,
authoring the initial patchset, acting as upstream code owner, and
collaborating with a growing set of contributors. Alex is also well
known within the LLVM community for the LLVM Weekly newsletter.*


#### PhD Thierry Collette -- 4 years of Open Source RISC-V at Thales

PhD Thierry Collette -- Director, Information Sciences and Techniques
Research Group, [Thales Research & Technology
France](https://www.thalesgroup.com).

**Abstract**

Thales has identified RISC-V as a great opportunity to master the
performance, safety, security and certification of its solutions and
has decided to actively contribute to these open source initiatives at
different levels. After 4 years of Thales involvement, the
opportunities of this technology are more important, the industrial
ecosystem is being built and already products are being designed that
take into account the use of RISC-V. Thales' involvement in the OpenHW
Group has collectively enabled the emergence of the CVA6
processor. Nevertheless, we must continue to meet the other challenges
linked to this adventure, and thanks to the support of the European
public authorities, we will be able to develop the ecosystem to
integrate these new components into products more quickly. Finally,
the new freedom to refine processor architectures offers new
opportunities to address our future applications.

*Bio*

*Thierry Collette is director of the Information Sciences and
Techniques research group at Thales Research and Technology. The group
focuses on disruptive technologies such as embedded and trusted AI,
open hardware, continuum computing, quantum computing, etc, in order
to facilitate their adoption and integration into future Thales
products. Previously, Thierry Collette led the technology development
division for embedded computing and components at CEA Leti & List for
eight years. He contributed to set up the European Processor
Initiative (EPI) in cooperation with industrial and academic
partners. Previously, he was deputy director in charge of programs and
strategy at CEA List. He holds several patents on multi-core
architectures and has contributed to the creation of more than 10
startups, including Kalray and SiPearl. He holds an engineering degree
in computer science and electrical engineering and a PhD in
microelectronics.*


#### Patrick Pype -- TRISTAN: Together for RISc-v Technology and ApplicatioNs

[Patrick Pype](https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrickpype/) -- Director
Strategic Partnerships, NXP Semiconductors.

**Abstract**

TRISTAN is a European KDT cooperation project which started in
December 2022 and runs for 3 years.  The overarching aim is to expand,
mature and industrialize the European RISC-V ecosystem so that it is
able to compete with existing commercial alternatives. This will be
achieved by leveraging the Open-Source community to gain in
productivity and quality. This goal will be achieved by defining a
European strategy for RISC-V based designs including the creation of a
repository of industrial quality building blocks to be used for SoC
designs in different application domains (e.g. automotive, industrial,
etc.). The TRISTAN approach is holistic, covering both electronic
design automation tools (EDA) and the full software stack. The TRISTAN
consortium is composed of 46 partners from industry (both large
industries as well as SMEs), research organizations, universities and
RISC-V related industry associations, originating from Austria,
Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, the Netherlands,
Poland, Romania, Turkey and Switzerland.  The presentation will focus
on some of the specific targets and expected results of the project
and how this fits in the Europen RISC-V Open-Source Roadmap which was
developed by a European Working Group and is documented in a report:
[``Recommendations and roadmap for European sovereignty on open source
hardware, software and RISC-V Technologies | Shaping Europe’s digital
future''](https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/library/recommendations-and-roadmap-european-sovereignty-open-source-hardware-software-and-risc-v))

*Bio*

*Patrick is Director of Strategic Partnerships at NXP Semiconductors,
and has held this position since 2012. He began his career at IMEC in
Belgium in 1986. In 1996 he started the start-up company CoWare on
hardware/software co-design which was later acquired by Synopsys.
Thereafter he worked at Philips in different positions.  Patrick is
Chairman of the AENEAS Technical Expert Group since 2018 and he is
member of the INSIDE Steering Board since 2015.  He was co-chair of
the overall ECSEL Strategic Research Agenda 2019-2021 and is also
co-chair of the chapter on “Transport & Mobility”.  Patrick was
Chairman of the Engineering Alumni Association of the KULeuven from
2005-2008.  Patrick has contributed several papers in two books
published by Springer on “Automated Driving’’ and “Internet of
Vehicles’’.  He is author of the book “Zest for Opera – Unleash your
Leadership”, which was published in October 2018.  The book offers
inspiring insights from the world of opera for leaders in business &
politics, coaches, teachers and students.*


#### Dominic Rizzo -- OpenTitan: Past, Present and Future of Open Source Secure Silicon

Dominic Rizzo -- CEO zeroRISC
Inc. [OpenTitan](https://www.opentitan.org) Project Director.

**Abstract**

OpenTitan brought a new level of transparency to secure silicon
development with its first discrete chip design, freely available
today. However, OpenTitan has always had broader goals than a single
discrete silicon root of trust.

This talk will discuss the entire OpenTitan family of permissively
licensed design and verification IP in the broader context of creating
a high quality open silicon ecosystem. I will review the current state
of the project, both the upcoming commercial discrete device tapeout
and forthcoming designs built from the OpenTitan IP ecosystem.

I will explore our unique Silicon Commons approach to development
across diverse partners and geographies, including how our governance
model – hosted by the non-profit engineering firm, lowRISC C.I.C. –
created a stable community development platform. Finally, I will
present how our commitment to open development led to commercial and
research innovations today, concretely demonstrating the value of
implementation and development transparency

*Bio*

*Mr. Dominic Rizzo is CEO and co-founder of zeroRISC Inc., a RISC-V
start-up working in the open source silicon space. He founded the
OpenTitan project, the world’s first open source silicon root of trust
design, and currently serves as its Project Director. He previously
developed the first FIPS 140-2 certified Enterprise U2F Security Key,
and has research interests in hardening silicon against physical
attacks and side channels, trustworthy authenticators, and formal
methods for proof of implementation correctness. He received his BS in
Aerospace Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
and his MS in Computer Science from the California Institute of
Technology.*


#### Roland Weigand -- RISC-V: a Shooting Star in Space

Roland Weigand -- [European Space Agency (ESA)](https://www.esa.int).

**Abstract**

The European Space Agency, in a long tradition, is promoting the use
of open Instruction Set Architectures (ISA). The SPARC ISA had been
selected more than 25 years ago, mainly for two reasons: Firstly,
because it is an open specification, warranting our non-dependence by
allowing us to develop our own IP, avoiding court cases with a
copyright owner. Secondly because of its significant backing from the
commercial world, ensuring availability of compilers etc. Several
generations of SPARC microprocessors have been developed for space,
many thousands of parts used on satellites and rockets. Today, SPARC
is obsolete in academia and in the commercial world, there are no more
young developers coming from universities, maintaining SW tools and OS
is becoming a burden for our small space community.

RISC-V is an open ISA, like SPARC, but thanks to the rapidly growing
developer community, active standardization, a wide choice of IP
providers and its scalability, it is the preferred choice to replace
SPARC in space. While the existing microprocessors continue to be
supported by their suppliers, ESA recommends the space community to
standardize on RISC-V across the full range of applications, from
microcontroller to High Performance Computing (HPC).

The talk will introduce the efforts introducing RISC-V to space and
highlight some of the challenges encountered when developing
microprocessors for space. Radiation effects and reliability
requirements must be considered, but constraints exist also on the
organisational and commercial side, space being a niche market with a
small developer community and long product life cycles.

*Bio*

*Graduated 1993 in Electrical Engineering and Semiconductor Physics
from Ecole Supérieure d’Electricité (“Supélec”) in Paris /
France. Worked as digital ASIC designer for Infineon in Munich and Tel
Aviv in various consumer electronics projects (e.g. TV frame rate
converter, DSL modem) dealing with integration of embedded DRAM and
DSP cores. Joined the European Space Agency (ESA) in 2000 as a
Microelectronics Engineer. In charge of various IC development
projects, a predominant topic are standard microprocessors and SoC’s
built around microprocessor cores, as well as radiation-hard design
methodology.*

#### Matthew Xuereb -- (TBA).

[Matthew Xuereb](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-xuereb-2216a5172) -- Policy Officer, European Commission / [DG Communications Networks, Content and Technology](https://commission.europa.eu/about-european-commission/departments-and-executive-agencies/communications-networks-content-and-technology_en) / [Unit A3 Microelectronics and Photonics Industry](https://op.europa.eu/en/web/who-is-who/organization/-/organization/CNECT/COM_CRF_241435)

**Abstract**

TBD.

*Bio*

TBD.
