site.src/pages/program.md, before:

## Call for Submissions

RISC-V Summit Europe brings together developers, architects, technical
decision and policy makers from across the European RISC-V
ecosystem. Attendees from academia, research, SMEs, industry, and open
source communities will come together to exchange knowledge, ideas,
technologies, and research shaping the future of RISC-V computing in
Europe.

The event will have a single track of keynotes, invited and selected
talks alongside an exhibition showcasing the latest developments
across industry and research, including technology demonstrations and
poster sessions.  We invite blind submissions related to RISC-V
addressing the following technical topics of interest:

 - Automotive 
 - Cloud computing
 - Compilation and code optimization
 - Embedded systems, IoT, edge computing
 - Hardware/software co-design
 - High-performance computing
 - Open EDA tools
 - Open-source hardware and open silicon
 - Operating system and software ecosystem 
 - RISC-V related educational activities
 - RISC-V ISA extensions
 - Systems-on-Chip, including processor cores, accelerators, peripherals
 - Security and functional safety 
 - Verification
 - Any other topic related to RISC-V and open hardware

We also welcome non-blind submissions related to:

 - Commercial applications for real world deployment
 - Policies, strategies, business and industry trends
 - Publicly funded projects presentations and/or results

<h3 style="color: #cb007b" id="important-dates">Important dates</h3>

 - Abstract submissions deadline: Monday, March ~~13th~~ 20th, 2023,
   [AOE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).
 - Author notifications: Monday, April 24th, 2023,
   [AOE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).
 - Final abstract version, de-anonymized, deadline: Thursday, Monday
   May 1st, 2023,
   [AOE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).
 - Final slides and poster deadline: Thursday, June 1st,
   2023, [AOE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).
 - RISC-V Summit Europe: 5-9 June, 2023, Barcelona.

The Steering Committee aims to provide a limited budget for
stipends. More information will be made available on the conference
website before the submission deadline.

<h3 style="color: #60269e" id="submission-format">Submission format</h3>

The submissions should be provided as a two page abstract, including
bibliography.

Abstract template and instructions for submission are available at <https://github.com/riscv-europe/riscv-europe-summit-templates>.
The
Program Committee (PC) will accept most contributions as posters and
selected submissions for short or long presentations.  Accepted
abstracts, slides, and posters will be published on the event page,
together with presentations which will be recorded.

<h3 style="color: #0a6b7c" id="guidelines-for-submission-of-technical-topics-for-blind-review">Guidelines for submission of technical topics for blind review</h3>

Submissions on technical topics are for blind review. Please do not
include author information in the abstract. Submissions must have a
strong focus on technical content outlining for example:

 - Present research advances 
 - Success stories 
 - Technical introduction to new technologies or products
 - Experiences of contributions to, or adoption of RISC-V hardware and software in commercial, open-source or education environments 

The PC may ask for the poster/presentation three weeks before the
event to confirm the acceptance.

<h3  id="guidelines-for-non-blind-topic-submissions">Guidelines for non-blind topic submissions</h3>

These papers should highlight RISC-V markets, policies, strategies,
business and industry trends, or present publicly funded projects of
interest to the RISC-V and open hardware community.

For these topics, make sure to name authors and their affiliation and
include a short bio of all.

<div style="text-align: center">
<a href="https://barcelo.eventsair.com/PresentationPortal/risc-v2023/presentationportalrisc-v23" class="sponsor-button">Submit a proposal!</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Fix: submissions are about extended abstracts.

site.src/pages/program.md, after:

## Call for Submissions

RISC-V Summit Europe brings together developers, architects, technical
decision and policy makers from across the European RISC-V
ecosystem. Attendees from academia, research, SMEs, industry, and open
source communities will come together to exchange knowledge, ideas,
technologies, and research shaping the future of RISC-V computing in
Europe.

The event will have a single track of keynotes, invited and selected
talks alongside an exhibition showcasing the latest developments
across industry and research, including technology demonstrations and
poster sessions.  We invite blind submissions of **extended abstracts** related to RISC-V
addressing the following technical topics of interest:

 - Automotive 
 - Cloud computing
 - Compilation and code optimization
 - Embedded systems, IoT, edge computing
 - Hardware/software co-design
 - High-performance computing
 - Open EDA tools
 - Open-source hardware and open silicon
 - Operating system and software ecosystem 
 - RISC-V related educational activities
 - RISC-V ISA extensions
 - Systems-on-Chip, including processor cores, accelerators, peripherals
 - Security and functional safety 
 - Verification
 - Any other topic related to RISC-V and open hardware

We also welcome non-blind submissions related to:

 - Commercial applications for real world deployment
 - Policies, strategies, business and industry trends
 - Publicly funded projects presentations and/or results

<h3 style="color: #cb007b" id="important-dates">Important dates</h3>

 - Extended abstract submissions deadline: Monday, March ~~13th~~ 20th, 2023,
   [AOE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).
 - Author notifications: Monday, April 24th, 2023,
   [AOE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).
 - Final extended abstract version, de-anonymized, deadline: Thursday, Monday
   May 1st, 2023,
   [AOE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).
 - Final slides and poster deadline: Thursday, June 1st,
   2023, [AOE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth).
 - RISC-V Summit Europe: 5-9 June, 2023, Barcelona.

The Steering Committee aims to provide a limited budget for
stipends. More information will be made available on the conference
website before the submission deadline.

<h3 style="color: #60269e" id="submission-format">Submission format</h3>

The submissions should be provided as a two pages extended abstract, including
bibliography.

Extended abstract template and instructions for submission are available at <https://github.com/riscv-europe/riscv-europe-summit-templates>.
The
Program Committee (PC) will accept most contributions as posters and
selected submissions for short or long presentations.  Accepted extended
abstracts, slides, and posters will be published on the event page,
together with presentations which will be recorded.

<h3 style="color: #0a6b7c" id="guidelines-for-submission-of-technical-topics-for-blind-review">Guidelines for submission of technical topics for blind review</h3>

Submissions on technical topics are for blind review. Please do not
include author information in the extended abstract. Submissions must have a
strong focus on technical content outlining for example:

 - Present research advances 
 - Success stories 
 - Technical introduction to new technologies or products
 - Experiences of contributions to, or adoption of RISC-V hardware and software in commercial, open-source or education environments 

The PC may ask for the poster/presentation three weeks before the
event to confirm the acceptance.

<h3  id="guidelines-for-non-blind-topic-submissions">Guidelines for non-blind topic submissions</h3>

These papers should highlight RISC-V markets, policies, strategies,
business and industry trends, or present publicly funded projects of
interest to the RISC-V and open hardware community.

For these topics, make sure to name authors and their affiliation and
include a short bio of all in the extended abstract.

<div style="text-align: center">
<a href="https://barcelo.eventsair.com/PresentationPortal/risc-v2023/presentationportalrisc-v23" class="sponsor-button">Submit a proposal!</a>
</div>
