site.src/pages/registration.md, before:

<img src="media/img/RISC-V-Paris-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

## Registration

### Online registration form

The online registration form is now available at <https://barcelo.eventsair.com/risc-v2023/registrationform/Site/Register>!

### Fees tiers

The RISC-V Summit Europe has three tiers of registration fees:

 - **Master Students & Attendees of Low Income Countries, Low & Middle
   Income Countries (MSc, LIC & LMIC)**. Proof of studentship will be
   requested in the registration form for MSc students. The list of
   LIC & MLIC is available in [this
   document](media/lic-mlic/lic-mlic.pdf).
 - **PhD students & PostDocs**. Postdoctoral researchers. Proof of
   studentship will be requested in the registration form for PhD
   students.
 - **Academia & Industry**. Industry professionals, staff scientists,
   group and team leaders.

### Registration deadlines and fees

The RISC-V Summit Europe has three mains periods:

 - **Technical Working Group (TWG) Meetings** on Monday June 5th,
   afternoon. Attending the meetings requires to be a member of the
   TWG organizing body.
 - **Core summit** from Tuesday 6th to Thursday 8th: with keynotes,
   presentations, panel, industrial exhibition, demos, posters, etc.
 - **Side events** on Friday 9th, for events related to RISC-V and
   open source technologies: open workshops, consortium meetings, etc.

The Monday TWG meetings are free of charge. The fees for remaining of
the week are presented in the table below. **Fees are ex-VAT 21%**.

<table class="riscv-sy">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Registration rate</th>
      <th colspan="2">Early</th>
      <th colspan="2">Regular</th>
      <th colspan="2">Late</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>Registration date</th>
      <th colspan="2">&rarr; April 30</th>
      <th colspan="2">May 1 &rarr; May 21</th>
      <th colspan="2">May 22 &rarr; June 9</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>June pass</th>
      <th>Tue 6 &rarr; Thu 8</th>
      <th>&nbsp;Fri 9&nbsp;</th>
      <th>Tue 6 &rarr; Thu 8</th>
      <th>&nbsp;Fri 9&nbsp;</th>
      <th>Tue 6 &rarr; Thu 8</th>
      <th>&nbsp;Fri 9&nbsp;</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Industry & Academia</td>
      <td>400 €</td>
      <td>60 €</td>
      <td>450 €</td>
      <td>70 €</td>
      <td>500 €</td>
      <td>80 €</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Phd students & PostDocs</td>
      <td>350 €</td>
      <td>60 €</td>
      <td>400 €</td>
      <td>65 €</td>
      <td>450 €</td>
      <td>75 €</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>MSc, LIC & MLIC</td>
      <td>240 €</td>
      <td>40 €</td>
      <td>270 €</td>
      <td>45 €</td>
      <td>300 €</td>
      <td>50 €</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Included in the registration fees

The conference registration fee includes:

 - Access to all main conference sessions on June 6-8 (scientific and
   poster sessions, and exhibition area).
 - Receipt of all main conference materials.
 - Welcome cocktail on Tuesday, June 6.
 - Social event on Wednesday, June 7.
 - Lunches and coffee breaks during the conference -- Tuesday to
   Thursday, and Friday if option taken.
 - Certificate of attendance for PhD students.

### Cancellation policy

Any cancellation or change of your registration must be notified in
writing by email to BCO Congresos
([risc-v2023@bcocongresos.com](mailto:risc-v2023@bcocongresos.com)). The
following conditions will be applied:

- Cancellations until March 5th, 2023 (3 months before): Refund of
  fees minus 25% administrative charge.
- Cancellations between March 6th and April 5th, 2023 (2 months
  before): Refund of fees minus 50% administrative charge.
- Cancellations after April 6th, 2023: Refunds will unfortunately no
  longer be possible.
- All refunds will be processed after the conference.

Commit message:

Add: referal on registration page to the Fri 9th side events page.

site.src/pages/registration.md, after:

<img src="media/img/RISC-V-Paris-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

## Registration

### Online registration form

The online registration form is now available at <https://barcelo.eventsair.com/risc-v2023/registrationform/Site/Register>!

### Fees tiers

The RISC-V Summit Europe has three tiers of registration fees:

 - **Master Students & Attendees of Low Income Countries, Low & Middle
   Income Countries (MSc, LIC & LMIC)**. Proof of studentship will be
   requested in the registration form for MSc students. The list of
   LIC & MLIC is available in [this
   document](media/lic-mlic/lic-mlic.pdf).
 - **PhD students & PostDocs**. Postdoctoral researchers. Proof of
   studentship will be requested in the registration form for PhD
   students.
 - **Academia & Industry**. Industry professionals, staff scientists,
   group and team leaders.

### Registration deadlines and fees

The RISC-V Summit Europe has three mains periods:

 - **Technical Working Group (TWG) Meetings** on Monday June 5th,
   afternoon. Attending the meetings requires to be a member of the
   TWG organizing body.
 - **Core summit** from Tuesday 6th to Thursday 8th: with keynotes,
   presentations, panel, industrial exhibition, demos, posters, etc.
 - **Side events** on Friday 9th, for events related to RISC-V and
   open source technologies: open workshops, consortium meetings, etc.
   More details on the <a href="side-events.html" target="_blank">Fri
   9th Side Events</a> page.

The Monday TWG meetings are free of charge. The fees for remaining of
the week are presented in the table below. **Fees are ex-VAT 21%**.

<table class="riscv-sy">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Registration rate</th>
      <th colspan="2">Early</th>
      <th colspan="2">Regular</th>
      <th colspan="2">Late</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>Registration date</th>
      <th colspan="2">&rarr; April 30</th>
      <th colspan="2">May 1 &rarr; May 21</th>
      <th colspan="2">May 22 &rarr; June 9</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>June pass</th>
      <th>Tue 6 &rarr; Thu 8</th>
      <th>&nbsp;Fri 9&nbsp;</th>
      <th>Tue 6 &rarr; Thu 8</th>
      <th>&nbsp;Fri 9&nbsp;</th>
      <th>Tue 6 &rarr; Thu 8</th>
      <th>&nbsp;Fri 9&nbsp;</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Industry & Academia</td>
      <td>400 €</td>
      <td>60 €</td>
      <td>450 €</td>
      <td>70 €</td>
      <td>500 €</td>
      <td>80 €</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Phd students & PostDocs</td>
      <td>350 €</td>
      <td>60 €</td>
      <td>400 €</td>
      <td>65 €</td>
      <td>450 €</td>
      <td>75 €</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>MSc, LIC & MLIC</td>
      <td>240 €</td>
      <td>40 €</td>
      <td>270 €</td>
      <td>45 €</td>
      <td>300 €</td>
      <td>50 €</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Included in the registration fees

The conference registration fee includes:

 - Access to all main conference sessions on June 6-8 (scientific and
   poster sessions, and exhibition area).
 - Receipt of all main conference materials.
 - Welcome cocktail on Tuesday, June 6.
 - Social event on Wednesday, June 7.
 - Lunches and coffee breaks during the conference -- Tuesday to
   Thursday, and Friday if option taken.
 - Certificate of attendance for PhD students.

### Cancellation policy

Any cancellation or change of your registration must be notified in
writing by email to BCO Congresos
([risc-v2023@bcocongresos.com](mailto:risc-v2023@bcocongresos.com)). The
following conditions will be applied:

- Cancellations until March 5th, 2023 (3 months before): Refund of
  fees minus 25% administrative charge.
- Cancellations between March 6th and April 5th, 2023 (2 months
  before): Refund of fees minus 50% administrative charge.
- Cancellations after April 6th, 2023: Refunds will unfortunately no
  longer be possible.
- All refunds will be processed after the conference.
