site.src/pages/side-events.md, before:

<img src="media/img/RISC-V-London-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

## Side Events: public workshops & consortium meetings

Friday June 9th will be dedicated to RISC-V and open source hardware
*side events*, e.g. public workshops or private consortium meetings.

### Extra registration required

Participation to one or several *side events* requires **registration
for Friday 9th**, and payment of the associated fees to covers breaks
and lunch.

### Side events schedule and location

<table class="riscv-sb" style="width:95%;">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Room</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>09:00</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[EU Pilot CM](#eu-pilot-cm)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[Orshin](#orshin)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[Red RISC-V](#red-risc-v)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[Open Source Chips](#fossi-foundation-tiny-tapeout)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW Group WS](#openhw-group-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW TWG/TG](#openhw-twg-tg)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>09:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>10:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>10:30</td>
<td colspan="6">Break</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>11:00</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[EU Pilot CM](#eu-pilot-cm)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[Orshin](#orshin)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[Red RISC-V](#red-risc-v)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[Open Source Chips](#fossi-foundation-tiny-tapeout)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW Group WS](#openhw-group-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW TWG/TG](#openhw-twg-tg)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>11:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>12:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>12:30</td>
<td rowspan="2" colspan="6">Lunch</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13:00</tr>
</tr>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13:30</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[EU Pilot WS](#eu-pilot-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3" colspan="2">[RISER WS](#riser-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[Tristan PMB](#tristan-pmb)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW Group WS](#openhw-group-ws)</td>
<td style="background:white;"           rowspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15:00</td>
<td colspan="6">Break</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15:30</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[EU Pilot WS](#eu-pilot-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3" colspan="2">[RISER WS](#riser-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[Tristan PMB](#tristan-pmb)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW Group WS](#openhw-group-ws)</td>
<td style="background:white;"           rowspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>16:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>16:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<tr>
<td>17:00</td>
<td colspan="6">Closing</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Side Events Details

### EU Pilot CM

Private meeting: **EU Pilot Consortium Meeting**.

This is a private meeting restricted to [EUPILOT](https://eupilot.eu)
consortium members.


### EU Pilot WS

Open workshop: **EU Pilot: Towards European hardware & software for
HPC**.

The purpose of this workshop is to give a platform for
[EUPILOT](https://eupilot.eu) members to share and disseminate
technical developments on the project's hardware, software and
systems.


### Orshin

Open workshop: **ORSHIN -- Open-source ReSilient Hardware and software for Internet of thiNgs.**

The primary goal of the ORSHIN project is to create a generic and
holistic methodology, which we call the ‘trusted life cycle’ to
develop and manage connected devices based on open-source hardware.
We identified a chain of six essential phases: Design, Implementation,
Evaluation, Installation, Maintenance, and Retirement. The life cycle
will specify how to translate abstract security goals (e.g., build a
secure IoT product) into security policies for the phases, and further
into concrete security requirements for the building blocks of the
product (e.g., use 128-bit keys). More: <https://horizon-orshin.eu>

Participation in the WS itself is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.

### RISER WS

Open workshop: **RISC-V for Cloud Services.**

What is missing, if anything, for RISC-V to become a viable choice for
Cloud services?

This workshop aims to facilitate a critical examination of this
question, with particular focus on relevant developments within
Europe.

Invited speakers will provide an up-to-date outlook on the RISC-V
ecosystem and its rapid evolution, covering standardization
developments as well as ongoing research and innovation activities
within Europe, particularly from a set of concurrently running
projects funded by the EU under the proposal call on “Open source for
cloud-based services”. The workshop will also host a panel to elicit
further insights and concrete action lines for further enhancements of
RISC-V technology in support of Cloud services.

Web site: [RISER project](https://riser-project.eu).
Mail: [Workshop RISER 2023](mailto:riser-workshop23@ics.forth.gr).

Participation in the WS itself is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.


### Red RISC-V

Open Workshop (in Spanish): **Kickoff meeting for the second edition of Red-RISCV.**

[Red-RISCV](http://red-riscv.org) is a Spanish research, training and innovation
network that targets new open architectures, with a focus on
RISC-V. Its goal is to ensure that researchers, teachers, students and
professionals join the momentum of this new emerging technology, that
still lacks a critical mass of qualified personnel, development
infrastructure and application. To do so, the aim is to bring together
a critical mass of groups and individuals and to set a roadmap that
projects our environment towards a sustainable ecosystem around RISC-V
and open-source HW/SW.

This meeting will mark the beginning of the second edition of the
network and will feature a discussion regarding its tasks and duties,
a technical talk, and a panel on financing opportunities in Spain
within the PERTE program.

Being a local meeting, sessions will be held in Spanish.

 - 08:30 -- Red-RISCV: Breve introducción, resumen de la edición
   anterior y Presentación de la nueva propuesta recientemente
   aprovada. Espacio de análisis y propuestas para el desarrollo y
   ejecución de la nueva edición de Red-RISCV.
 - 09:45 -- Ponencia invitada: “Open hardware to build trusted and
   verifiable chips“ Piedad Brox Jiménez, Instituto de
   Microelectrónica de Sevilla (CSIC / Universidad de Sevilla)
 - 10:30 -- Pausa-café
 - 11:00 -- Mesa redonda sobre “El estado del PERTE-Chip,
   expectativas, oportunidades y dificultades en formación,
   investigación e innovación”.  Moderador: José Luis Bosque de
   Univ. de Cantabria (Coordinador de Red-RISCV).
   Ponentes:
    - Teresa Riesgo (Secretaria General de Innovación del MICIN)
    - Jaime Martorell (Comisionado para el PERTE-Chip) 
    - Pedro Mier (Presidente de AMETIC)
    - Mateo Valero (Director del BSC-CNS)
    - Luis Fonseca (Director del IMB-CNM-CSIC)
 - 12:30 -- Conclusiones y cierre de la jornada
 - 12:40 -- Comida


### FOSSi Foundation & Tiny Tapeout

Open workshop: **Open Source Chips with Open Source Tools**

This workshop will demonstrate the advances and recent developments of Open
Source PDKs and tapeouts of open source chips with open source tools.

Sessions:

- Recent highlights in open source chip design and tapeouts, Matt Venn
- Tiny Tapeout workshop, Matt Venn
- tbd, Frank Vater
- FOSSi Foundation helps building open source ecosystems, Stefan Wallentowitz

Participation to the meeting is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is required to
cover the costs of breaks and lunch.

Also, please register your attendance here, so that we can share more details
about the workshop with you: [Sign-Up for event
updates](https://forms.gle/xBggWVoPmXT3iZzQ8).

### OpenHW Group WS

Open workshop: **Open-Source Hardware Basic Training.**

This course will cover basic training for open-source hardware development.
It is open to members of the Tristan KDT project as well as to the general public.
The following topics will be covered during the course:

 - Creating Open-Source Projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/openhwgroup) with [OpenHW Group](https://www.openhwgroup.org).
 - How to contribute new features to existing OpenHW projects.
 - How to run simulations on existing OpenHW CORE-V cores within the CVE2, CVE4 and CVA6 families using core-v-verif.
 - How to develop new test programs to run on existing OpenHW CORE-V cores using core-v-verif.
 - Case Study of a new High Performance L1 Data-Cache IP block.

Participation in the WS itself is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.

### OpenHW TWG TG

Open workshop: **OpenHW Group Meetings for Technical Working Groups (TWG) & Task Groups (TG).**

OpenHW Technical Working Group and Task Group meetings. Open to OpenHW
members and the general public.

Detailed agenda TBD.

Participation to the meeting is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.

### Tristan PMB

Private meeting: **Tristan Project Management Board (PMB).**

Tristan Project Management Board (PMB) meeting.

Participation to the meeting is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.

Commit message:

Add: link for registration at the Tristan WS.

site.src/pages/side-events.md, after:

<img src="media/img/RISC-V-London-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

## Side Events: public workshops & consortium meetings

Friday June 9th will be dedicated to RISC-V and open source hardware
*side events*, e.g. public workshops or private consortium meetings.

### Extra registration required

Participation to one or several *side events* requires **registration
for Friday 9th**, and payment of the associated fees to covers breaks
and lunch.

### Side events schedule and location

<table class="riscv-sb" style="width:95%;">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Room</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>09:00</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[EU Pilot CM](#eu-pilot-cm)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[Orshin](#orshin)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[Red RISC-V](#red-risc-v)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[Open Source Chips](#fossi-foundation-tiny-tapeout)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW Group WS](#openhw-group-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW TWG/TG](#openhw-twg-tg)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>09:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>10:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>10:30</td>
<td colspan="6">Break</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>11:00</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[EU Pilot CM](#eu-pilot-cm)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[Orshin](#orshin)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[Red RISC-V](#red-risc-v)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[Open Source Chips](#fossi-foundation-tiny-tapeout)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW Group WS](#openhw-group-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW TWG/TG](#openhw-twg-tg)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>11:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>12:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>12:30</td>
<td rowspan="2" colspan="6">Lunch</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13:00</tr>
</tr>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13:30</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[EU Pilot WS](#eu-pilot-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3" colspan="2">[RISER WS](#riser-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[Tristan PMB](#tristan-pmb)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW Group WS](#openhw-group-ws)</td>
<td style="background:white;"           rowspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15:00</td>
<td colspan="6">Break</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15:30</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-ly);" rowspan="3">[EU Pilot WS](#eu-pilot-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3" colspan="2">[RISER WS](#riser-ws)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);" rowspan="3">[Tristan PMB](#tristan-pmb)</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);" rowspan="3">[OpenHW Group WS](#openhw-group-ws)</td>
<td style="background:white;"           rowspan="3">&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>16:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>16:30</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<tr>
<td>17:00</td>
<td colspan="6">Closing</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Side Events Details

### EU Pilot CM

Private meeting: **EU Pilot Consortium Meeting**.

This is a private meeting restricted to [EUPILOT](https://eupilot.eu)
consortium members.


### EU Pilot WS

Open workshop: **EU Pilot: Towards European hardware & software for
HPC**.

The purpose of this workshop is to give a platform for
[EUPILOT](https://eupilot.eu) members to share and disseminate
technical developments on the project's hardware, software and
systems.


### Orshin

Open workshop: **ORSHIN -- Open-source ReSilient Hardware and software for Internet of thiNgs.**

The primary goal of the ORSHIN project is to create a generic and
holistic methodology, which we call the ‘trusted life cycle’ to
develop and manage connected devices based on open-source hardware.
We identified a chain of six essential phases: Design, Implementation,
Evaluation, Installation, Maintenance, and Retirement. The life cycle
will specify how to translate abstract security goals (e.g., build a
secure IoT product) into security policies for the phases, and further
into concrete security requirements for the building blocks of the
product (e.g., use 128-bit keys). More: <https://horizon-orshin.eu>

Participation in the WS itself is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.

### RISER WS

Open workshop: **RISC-V for Cloud Services.**

What is missing, if anything, for RISC-V to become a viable choice for
Cloud services?

This workshop aims to facilitate a critical examination of this
question, with particular focus on relevant developments within
Europe.

Invited speakers will provide an up-to-date outlook on the RISC-V
ecosystem and its rapid evolution, covering standardization
developments as well as ongoing research and innovation activities
within Europe, particularly from a set of concurrently running
projects funded by the EU under the proposal call on “Open source for
cloud-based services”. The workshop will also host a panel to elicit
further insights and concrete action lines for further enhancements of
RISC-V technology in support of Cloud services.

Web site: [RISER project](https://riser-project.eu).
Mail: [Workshop RISER 2023](mailto:riser-workshop23@ics.forth.gr).

Participation in the WS itself is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.


### Red RISC-V

Open Workshop (in Spanish): **Kickoff meeting for the second edition of Red-RISCV.**

[Red-RISCV](http://red-riscv.org) is a Spanish research, training and innovation
network that targets new open architectures, with a focus on
RISC-V. Its goal is to ensure that researchers, teachers, students and
professionals join the momentum of this new emerging technology, that
still lacks a critical mass of qualified personnel, development
infrastructure and application. To do so, the aim is to bring together
a critical mass of groups and individuals and to set a roadmap that
projects our environment towards a sustainable ecosystem around RISC-V
and open-source HW/SW.

This meeting will mark the beginning of the second edition of the
network and will feature a discussion regarding its tasks and duties,
a technical talk, and a panel on financing opportunities in Spain
within the PERTE program.

Being a local meeting, sessions will be held in Spanish.

 - 08:30 -- Red-RISCV: Breve introducción, resumen de la edición
   anterior y Presentación de la nueva propuesta recientemente
   aprovada. Espacio de análisis y propuestas para el desarrollo y
   ejecución de la nueva edición de Red-RISCV.
 - 09:45 -- Ponencia invitada: “Open hardware to build trusted and
   verifiable chips“ Piedad Brox Jiménez, Instituto de
   Microelectrónica de Sevilla (CSIC / Universidad de Sevilla)
 - 10:30 -- Pausa-café
 - 11:00 -- Mesa redonda sobre “El estado del PERTE-Chip,
   expectativas, oportunidades y dificultades en formación,
   investigación e innovación”.  Moderador: José Luis Bosque de
   Univ. de Cantabria (Coordinador de Red-RISCV).
   Ponentes:
    - Teresa Riesgo (Secretaria General de Innovación del MICIN)
    - Jaime Martorell (Comisionado para el PERTE-Chip) 
    - Pedro Mier (Presidente de AMETIC)
    - Mateo Valero (Director del BSC-CNS)
    - Luis Fonseca (Director del IMB-CNM-CSIC)
 - 12:30 -- Conclusiones y cierre de la jornada
 - 12:40 -- Comida


### FOSSi Foundation & Tiny Tapeout

Open workshop: **Open Source Chips with Open Source Tools**

This workshop will demonstrate the advances and recent developments of Open
Source PDKs and tapeouts of open source chips with open source tools.

Sessions:

- Recent highlights in open source chip design and tapeouts, Matt Venn
- Tiny Tapeout workshop, Matt Venn
- tbd, Frank Vater
- FOSSi Foundation helps building open source ecosystems, Stefan Wallentowitz

Participation to the meeting is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is required to
cover the costs of breaks and lunch.

Also, please register your attendance here, so that we can share more details
about the workshop with you: [Sign-Up for event
updates](https://forms.gle/xBggWVoPmXT3iZzQ8).


### OpenHW Group WS

Open workshop: **Open-Source Hardware Basic Training.**

This course will cover basic training for open-source hardware development.
It is open to members of the Tristan KDT project as well as to the general public.
The following topics will be covered during the course:

 - Creating Open-Source Projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/openhwgroup) with [OpenHW Group](https://www.openhwgroup.org).
 - How to contribute new features to existing OpenHW projects.
 - How to run simulations on existing OpenHW CORE-V cores within the CVE2, CVE4 and CVA6 families using core-v-verif.
 - How to develop new test programs to run on existing OpenHW CORE-V cores using core-v-verif.
 - Case Study of a new High Performance L1 Data-Cache IP block.

Participation in the WS itself is free of charge, but:

 1. It is required to [register for the *Friday 9 Side
    Events*](registration.html) to cover the costs of breaks and
    lunch.

 2. In order to assess the size of the audience, please also indicate
    your intention to participate by [filling in this
    form](https://ti.to/tristan_kdt/open-source-hardware-basic-training-risc-v-summit).


### OpenHW TWG TG

Open workshop: **OpenHW Group Meetings for Technical Working Groups (TWG) & Task Groups (TG).**

OpenHW Technical Working Group and Task Group meetings. Open to OpenHW
members and the general public.

Detailed agenda TBD.

Participation to the meeting is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.

### Tristan PMB

Private meeting: **Tristan Project Management Board (PMB).**

Tristan Project Management Board (PMB) meeting.

Participation to the meeting is free of charge, but
[registration](registration.html) for the *Friday 9 Side Events* is
required to cover the costs of breaks and lunch.
