<img src="media/img/RISC-V-London-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

## Core Conference Speakers

The core of the conference will be from Tuesday 6th to Thursday 8th
with a single track of keynotes, invited and selected talks, alongside
an exhibition showcasing the latest developments across industry and
research.

The following speakers will be delivering keynotes and regular talks
during these three days.

### Keynotes Speakers

#### Dr Yungang Bao -- (Title TBA).

[Dr Yungang Bao](http://acs.ict.ac.cn/baoyg/) -- [Center for Advanced Computer Systems (ACS)](http://acs.ict.ac.cn) (Beijing, China).

**Abstract**

TBD.

*Bio*

TBD.

#### Luca Benini -- Open RISC-V Platforms for Energy-Efficient, Scalable Computing

[Luca Benini](https://pulp-platform.org) -- [ETH
Zürich](https://ee.ethz.ch/the-department/people-a-z/person-detail.luca-benini.html),
[Università di Bologna](https://www.unibo.it/sitoweb/luca.benini).

**Abstract**

Today's data-parallel workloads in HPC, AI, IoT demand ever-growing
performance under an (almost) constant power envelope. To address this
fundamental challenge in a regime of diminishing returns from
technology scaling, we must minimize overhead associated with data
transfer, data-flow management, as well as instruction fetching,
decoding, while introducing "controlled doses" of domain
specialization. The last decade has seen the rise of open instruction
sets, open architectures, and open hardware as key enablers for
designing more efficient computing systems. In this talk, I share
insights gained in a decade of design adventures on open-source RISC-V
hardware and software for energy-efficient computing, moving from
tiny, parallel ultra-low power chips to high-performance many-core
chiplets, and provide a personal view on future directions.

*Bio*

*Luca Benini holds the chair of digital Circuits and systems at ETHZ
and is Full Professor at the Universita' di Bologna. He received a PhD
from Stanford University.  Dr. Benini’s research interests are in
energy-efficient parallel computing systems, smart sensing
micro-systems and machine learning hardware. He is a Fellow of the
IEEE, of the ACM and a member of the Academia Europaea. He is the
recipient of the 2016 IEEE CAS Mac Van Valkenburg award, the 2020 EDAA
achievement Award, the 2020 ACM/IEEE A. Richard Newton Award and the
2023 IEEE CS Edward J. McCluskey award.*


#### Alex Bradbudy -- (Title TBA)

[Alex Bradbury](https://asbradbury.org) -- [Igalia](https://www.igalia.com) (UK).

**Abstract**

TBD.

*Bio*

TBD.


#### PhD Thierry Collette -- (Title TBA)

PhD Thierry Collette -- [Thales Research & Technology](https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/global/innovation/research-and-technology) (France).

**Abstract**

TBD.

*Bio*

TBD.


#### Patrick Pype -- TRISTAN: Together for RISc-v Technology and ApplicatioNs

[Patrick Pype](https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrickpype/) -- Director
Strategic Partnerships, NXP Semiconductors.

**Abstract**

TRISTAN is a European KDT cooperation project which started in
December 2022 and runs for 3 years.  The overarching aim is to expand,
mature and industrialize the European RISC-V ecosystem so that it is
able to compete with existing commercial alternatives. This will be
achieved by leveraging the Open-Source community to gain in
productivity and quality. This goal will be achieved by defining a
European strategy for RISC-V based designs including the creation of a
repository of industrial quality building blocks to be used for SoC
designs in different application domains (e.g. automotive, industrial,
etc.). The TRISTAN approach is holistic, covering both electronic
design automation tools (EDA) and the full software stack. The TRISTAN
consortium is composed of 46 partners from industry (both large
industries as well as SMEs), research organizations, universities and
RISC-V related industry associations, originating from Austria,
Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, the Netherlands,
Poland, Romania, Turkey and Switzerland.  The presentation will focus
on some of the specific targets and expected results of the project
and how this fits in the Europen RISC-V Open-Source Roadmap which was
developed by a European Working Group and is documented in a report:
[``Recommendations and roadmap for European sovereignty on open source
hardware, software and RISC-V Technologies | Shaping Europe’s digital
future''](https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/library/recommendations-and-roadmap-european-sovereignty-open-source-hardware-software-and-risc-v))

*Bio*

*Patrick is Director of Strategic Partnerships at NXP Semiconductors,
and has held this position since 2012. He began his career at IMEC in
Belgium in 1986. In 1996 he started the start-up company CoWare on
hardware/software co-design which was later acquired by Synopsys.
Thereafter he worked at Philips in different positions.  Patrick is
Chairman of the AENEAS Technical Expert Group since 2018 and he is
member of the INSIDE Steering Board since 2015.  He was co-chair of
the overall ECSEL Strategic Research Agenda 2019-2021 and is also
co-chair of the chapter on “Transport & Mobility”.  Patrick was
Chairman of the Engineering Alumni Association of the KULeuven from
2005-2008.  Patrick has contributed several papers in two books
published by Springer on “Automated Driving’’ and “Internet of
Vehicles’’.  He is author of the book “Zest for Opera – Unleash your
Leadership”, which was published in October 2018.  The book offers
inspiring insights from the world of opera for leaders in business &
politics, coaches, teachers and students.*


#### Roland Weigand -- RISC-V: a Shooting Star in Space

Roland Weigand -- [European Space Agency (ESA)](https://www.esa.int).

**Abstract**

The European Space Agency, in a long tradition, is promoting the use
of open Instruction Set Architectures (ISA). The SPARC ISA had been
selected more than 25 years ago, mainly for two reasons: Firstly,
because it is an open specification, warranting our non-dependence by
allowing us to develop our own IP, avoiding court cases with a
copyright owner. Secondly because of its significant backing from the
commercial world, ensuring availability of compilers etc. Several
generations of SPARC microprocessors have been developed for space,
many thousands of parts used on satellites and rockets. Today, SPARC
is obsolete in academia and in the commercial world, there are no more
young developers coming from universities, maintaining SW tools and OS
is becoming a burden for our small space community.

RISC-V is an open ISA, like SPARC, but thanks to the rapidly growing
developer community, active standardization, a wide choice of IP
providers and its scalability, it is the preferred choice to replace
SPARC in space. While the existing microprocessors continue to be
supported by their suppliers, ESA recommends the space community to
standardize on RISC-V across the full range of applications, from
microcontroller to High Performance Computing (HPC).

The talk will introduce the efforts introducing RISC-V to space and
highlight some of the challenges encountered when developing
microprocessors for space. Radiation effects and reliability
requirements must be considered, but constraints exist also on the
organisational and commercial side, space being a niche market with a
small developer community and long product life cycles.

*Bio*

*Graduated 1993 in Electrical Engineering and Semiconductor Physics
from Ecole Supérieure d’Electricité (“Supélec”) in Paris /
France. Worked as digital ASIC designer for Infineon in Munich and Tel
Aviv in various consumer electronics projects (e.g. TV frame rate
converter, DSL modem) dealing with integration of embedded DRAM and
DSP cores. Joined the European Space Agency (ESA) in 2000 as a
Microelectronics Engineer. In charge of various IC development
projects, a predominant topic are standard microprocessors and SoC’s
built around microprocessor cores, as well as radiation-hard design
methodology.*
