site.src/pages/twg-meetings.md, before:

<img src="media/img/RISC-V-London-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

## Technical Working Group Meetings

Monday June 5th afternoon will be dedicated to Technical Working Group
(TWG) meetings from the RISC-V ecosystem.

<table class="riscv-sb">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>TWG</th>
<th colspan="2">RISC-V International</th>
<th>OpenHW Group</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th>Room</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<tr>
<td>14:00</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Security HC</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">Data Centrer SIG</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">Welcome -- Agenda Review</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14:15</td>
<td rowspan="4" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">Project Release Process<br>RTL Freeze Checklist</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14:30</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">RVM-CSI</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">HPC SIG</td>
<tr>
<td>14:45</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15:00</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Code Size</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">Soc HC</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15:15</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">CVA6</td>
<tr>
<td>15:30</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Cryptographic Extensions Task Group</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">ACT Plans and Challenges</td>
</tr>
<td>15:45</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQC)</td>
<td>Break</td>
<tr>
<td>16:00</td>
<td colspan="2">Break</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">Verification Task Group</td>
<tr>
<td>16:15</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Architectural Compatibility Test SIG</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">SSLP-TG</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>16:30</td>
<td rowspan="4" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">CV32E40Pv2</td>
<tr>
<td>16:45</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Automotive SIG</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">SIG-SOFT-CPU</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17:15</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">FP SIG</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">Ambassadors</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17:30</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">CV-X-IF Project</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17:45</td>
<td>Closing</td>
<td>Closing</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>18:00</td>
<td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
<td>Closing</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

<!-- Please note that to attend TWG meetings organized by RISC-V -->
<!-- International, [personal or corporate -->
<!-- membership](https://riscv.org/membership) is required. -->

<!-- The groups that will meet on Monday 5th afternoon are listed below. A -->
<!-- detailled schedule, with actual time and room number for each meeting, -->
<!-- will be published in a few weeks. -->

<!-- ### Security Horizontal Committee (Security HC) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Web site: [`https://github.com/riscv-admin/security`](https://github.com/riscv-admin/security) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Andy Dellow ([`andrew.dellow@huawei.com`](mailto:andrew.dellow@huawei.com)). -->

<!-- ### RISC-V Common Software Interface Special Interest Group (RVM-CSI) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Web site: [`https://github.com/riscv-admin/rvm-csi`](https://github.com/riscv-admin/rvm-csi) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Chris Owen ([chris.owen@imgtec.com](mailto:chris.owen@imgtec.com)). -->

<!-- ### Code Size Reduction Task Group (Code Size TG) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Web site: [`https://github.com/riscv/riscv-code-size-reduction`](https://github.com/riscv/riscv-code-size-reduction), -->
<!-- [`https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-code-size`](https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-code-size) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Tariq Kurd ([`tariq.kurd@codasip.com`](mailto:tariq.kurd@codasip.com)). -->

<!-- ### Crypto Extension Task Group & Post Quantum Crypto Task Group (CETG + PQCTG) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Vector crypto updates and preparing for Post-Quantum -->

<!-- CETG web site: [`https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-crypto-ext`](https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-crypto-ext) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Dr. Markku-Juhani O. Saarinen ([`mjos@pqshield.com`](mailto:mjos@pqshield.com)). -->

<!-- PQCTG web site: [`https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-pqc-cryptography`](https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-pqc-cryptography) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Dr. Markku-Juhani O. Saarinen ([`mjos@pqshield.com`](mailto:mjos@pqshield.com)). -->

<!-- ### Architectural Compatibility Test Special Interest Group -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Talking future plans. -->

<!-- Contact: Allen Baum ([`allen.baum@esperantotech.com`](mailto:allen.baum@esperantotech.com)). -->

<!-- ### Automotive Special Interest Group (Automotive SIG) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Web site: [`https://lists.riscv.org/g/sig-automotive`](https://lists.riscv.org/g/sig-automotive) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Pete Lewin ([`peter.lewin@imgtec.com`](mailto:peter.lewin@imgtec.com)). -->

Commit message:

Add: description of Monday schedule.

site.src/pages/twg-meetings.md, after:

<img src="media/img/RISC-V-London-2019-09.jpg" width=100%>

## Technical Working Group Meetings

Monday June 5th afternoon will be dedicated to Technical Working Group
(TWG) meetings from the RISC-V ecosystem.

The **preliminary schedule** of the meetings that will meet on Monday
5th is provided listed below. The **final schedule**, and room numbers
will be published in a few weeks.

Please note that to attend TWG meetings organized by RISC-V
International, a [personal or corporate
membership](https://riscv.org/membership) is required.

<table class="riscv-sb">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>TWG</th>
<th colspan="2">RISC-V International</th>
<th>OpenHW Group</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th>Room</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
<th>(TBA)</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<tr>
<td>14:00</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Security HC</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">Data Centrer SIG</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">Welcome -- Agenda Review</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14:15</td>
<td rowspan="4" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">Project Release Process<br>RTL Freeze Checklist</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14:30</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">RVM-CSI</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">HPC SIG</td>
<tr>
<td>14:45</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15:00</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Code Size</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">Soc HC</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15:15</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">CVA6</td>
<tr>
<td>15:30</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Cryptographic Extensions Task Group</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">ACT Plans and Challenges</td>
</tr>
<td>15:45</td>
<td style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQC)</td>
<td>Break</td>
<tr>
<td>16:00</td>
<td colspan="2">Break</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">Verification Task Group</td>
<tr>
<td>16:15</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Architectural Compatibility Test SIG</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">SSLP-TG</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>16:30</td>
<td rowspan="4" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">CV32E40Pv2</td>
<tr>
<td>16:45</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">Automotive SIG</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">SIG-SOFT-CPU</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17:00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17:15</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lp);">FP SIG</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-ly);">Ambassadors</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17:30</td>
<td rowspan="2" style="background:var(--riscv-lg);">CV-X-IF Project</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17:45</td>
<td>Closing</td>
<td>Closing</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>18:00</td>
<td colspan="2">&nbsp;</td>
<td>Closing</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

<!-- ### Security Horizontal Committee (Security HC) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Web site: [`https://github.com/riscv-admin/security`](https://github.com/riscv-admin/security) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Andy Dellow ([`andrew.dellow@huawei.com`](mailto:andrew.dellow@huawei.com)). -->

<!-- ### RISC-V Common Software Interface Special Interest Group (RVM-CSI) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Web site: [`https://github.com/riscv-admin/rvm-csi`](https://github.com/riscv-admin/rvm-csi) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Chris Owen ([chris.owen@imgtec.com](mailto:chris.owen@imgtec.com)). -->

<!-- ### Code Size Reduction Task Group (Code Size TG) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Web site: [`https://github.com/riscv/riscv-code-size-reduction`](https://github.com/riscv/riscv-code-size-reduction), -->
<!-- [`https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-code-size`](https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-code-size) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Tariq Kurd ([`tariq.kurd@codasip.com`](mailto:tariq.kurd@codasip.com)). -->

<!-- ### Crypto Extension Task Group & Post Quantum Crypto Task Group (CETG + PQCTG) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Vector crypto updates and preparing for Post-Quantum -->

<!-- CETG web site: [`https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-crypto-ext`](https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-crypto-ext) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Dr. Markku-Juhani O. Saarinen ([`mjos@pqshield.com`](mailto:mjos@pqshield.com)). -->

<!-- PQCTG web site: [`https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-pqc-cryptography`](https://lists.riscv.org/g/tech-pqc-cryptography) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Dr. Markku-Juhani O. Saarinen ([`mjos@pqshield.com`](mailto:mjos@pqshield.com)). -->

<!-- ### Architectural Compatibility Test Special Interest Group -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Talking future plans. -->

<!-- Contact: Allen Baum ([`allen.baum@esperantotech.com`](mailto:allen.baum@esperantotech.com)). -->

<!-- ### Automotive Special Interest Group (Automotive SIG) -->

<!-- RISC-V International. -->

<!-- Web site: [`https://lists.riscv.org/g/sig-automotive`](https://lists.riscv.org/g/sig-automotive) -- -->
<!-- Contact: Pete Lewin ([`peter.lewin@imgtec.com`](mailto:peter.lewin@imgtec.com)). -->
