site.src/pages/venue.md, before:

<img src="media/img/BarcelonaSants.jpeg" width=100%>

<h3 style="color: #011e41">Barceló Sants</h3>

Plaça dels Països Catalans, s/n - 08014 Barcelona - <a href="https://www.barcelo.com/en-gb/barcelo-sants/">Website</a>

# Hotel Barceló Sants

The Barceló Sants**** is the headquarters hotel for the *RISC-V Summit
2023 meeting*. It is the most comfortable option since no travel is
required for the event. Moreover, you will enjoy a stay in a 4 stars
hotel within the Sants neighborhood. And you will enjoy a *splendid
buffet breakfast!*

With 15 function rooms spread over 3,000 square meters, the hotel
makes an ideal venue for this meeting.

The hotel features a *fitness centre* where guests can unwind, and has
a fully equipped *free gym* for hotel guests so that they can stay
active while on holiday, as well as *two restaurants*, *a café*, and
*a bar*, offering something for everyone.

With an *unbeatable location* right by excellent transport links,
state-of-the-art event spaces, and its space-themed, minimalist
atmosphere, Barceló Sants stands head and shoulders above the
rest. Fasten your seatbelts and get ready to enjoy a one-of-a-kind
stay at Barceló Sants.

## Sants Railway Station, the heart of the Sants-Montjuïc district

Overlooked by the busy Sants Railway Station, one of the largest
connection and transport hubs in Barcelona, Sants is an urban district
that was planned with business, entertainment, and shopping in
mind. One only needs to go to the ‘Plaza dels Països Catalans’ or
‘Plaza de Sants’ to dive into the numerous attractions that are
nearby.

*Discover 5 reasons why the hotel Barceló Sants is your best
 accommodation option for the RISC-V 2023 meeting.*

Why booking on the hotel venue?

 - Best location: No need to travel to the venue. Save time and money
   on transfers!
 - Negotiated rates exclusive for RISC-V participants
 - Networking with other professionals from the same fields and other
   countries
 - Free WiFi in all rooms
 - Excellent facilities and services: an unbeatable environment,
   modernity and spacious rooms to work in


# Hotel information

Check-in time: 14:00h -- Check-out time: 12:00h

8,7/10 in Booking -- 4,5/5 in TripAdvisor

Most popular facilities from Booking.com:

 - Non-smoking rooms
 - Fitness centre
 - Facilities for disabled guests
 - Parking on site
 - Room service
 - Free WiFi
 - Restaurant & bar
 - Tea/coffee maker in all rooms
 - Very good breakfast

# What's Nearby? Top attractions close to Hotel Barceló Sants

 - [Parc de l'Espanya Industrial](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/en/page/3883/parc-de-l-espanya-industrial.html)
 - [Las Arenas Shopping mall](https://www.arenasdebarcelona.com/EN)
 - [Plaza España](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/es/page/4489/placa-espanya.html)
 - [Montjuïc Magic Fountain](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/en/page/592/font-magica.html)
 - [MNAC | National Museum of Catalan Art](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/en/museu/673/museu-nacional-d-art-de-catalunya.html)
 - [F.C. Barcelona Museum - Spotify Camp Nou](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/en/museu/681/fc-barcelona-museu-spotify-camp-nou-tour.html)

Commit message:

Fix: various improvements to the venue page. Including headings.

site.src/pages/venue.md, after:

<img src="media/img/BarcelonaSants.jpeg" width=100%>

(For accomodation rates and booking, go to the [accomodation page](accomodation.html).)

## Barceló Sants

Location: Plaça dels Països Catalans, s/n - 08014 Barcelona.

Directions with [Google Maps](https://goo.gl/maps/DNoDT74zsk8p8YRu6), with [Apple Maps](https://maps.apple.com/?address=Plaza%20Paisos%20Catalans,%2008014%20Barcelone,%20Barcelona,%20Espagne&auid=13206806577721018865&ll=41.380017,2.141846&lsp=9902&q=Pla%C3%A7a%20dels%20Pa%C3%AFsos%20Catalans), or with [OpenStreetMap](https://osm.org/go/xUbRZqKgJ).

### Hotel Barceló Sants

The **Barceló Sants****** is the headquarters hotel for the *RISC-V Summit
2023 meeting*. It is the most comfortable option since no travel is
required for the event. Moreover, you will enjoy a stay in a 4 stars
hotel within the Sants neighborhood. And you will enjoy a *splendid
buffet breakfast!*

With 15 function rooms spread over 3,000 square meters, the hotel
makes an ideal venue for this meeting.

The hotel features a *fitness centre* where guests can unwind, and has
a fully equipped *free gym* for hotel guests so that they can stay
active while on holiday, as well as *two restaurants*, *a café*, and
*a bar*, offering something for everyone.

With an *unbeatable location* right by excellent transport links,
state-of-the-art event spaces, and its space-themed, minimalist
atmosphere, Barceló Sants stands head and shoulders above the
rest. Fasten your seatbelts and get ready to enjoy a one-of-a-kind
stay at Barceló Sants.

### Sants Railway Station, the heart of the Sants-Montjuïc district

Overlooked by the busy Sants Railway Station, one of the largest
connection and transport hubs in Barcelona, Sants is an urban district
that was planned with business, entertainment, and shopping in
mind. One only needs to go to the ‘Plaza dels Països Catalans’ or
‘Plaza de Sants’ to dive into the numerous attractions that are
nearby.

*Discover 5 reasons why the hotel Barceló Sants is your best
 accommodation option for the RISC-V 2023 meeting.*

Why booking on the hotel venue?

 - Best location: No need to travel to the venue. Save time and money
   on transfers!
 - Negotiated rates exclusive for RISC-V participants
 - Networking with other professionals from the same fields and other
   countries
 - Free WiFi in all rooms
 - Excellent facilities and services: an unbeatable environment,
   modernity and spacious rooms to work in

### Hotel information

Check-in time: 14:00h -- Check-out time: 12:00h

8,7/10 in Booking -- 4,5/5 in TripAdvisor

Most popular facilities from Booking.com:

 - Non-smoking rooms
 - Fitness centre
 - Facilities for disabled guests
 - Parking on site
 - Room service
 - Free WiFi
 - Restaurant & bar
 - Tea/coffee maker in all rooms
 - Very good breakfast

### What's Nearby? Top attractions close to Hotel Barceló Sants

 - [Parc de l'Espanya Industrial](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/en/page/3883/parc-de-l-espanya-industrial.html)
 - [Las Arenas Shopping mall](https://www.arenasdebarcelona.com/EN)
 - [Plaza España](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/es/page/4489/placa-espanya.html)
 - [Montjuïc Magic Fountain](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/en/page/592/font-magica.html)
 - [MNAC | National Museum of Catalan Art](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/en/museu/673/museu-nacional-d-art-de-catalunya.html)
 - [F.C. Barcelona Museum - Spotify Camp Nou](https://www.barcelonaturisme.com/wv3/en/museu/681/fc-barcelona-museu-spotify-camp-nou-tour.html)
